hey guys what's up it is evil fish
blocks in here and i'm showing you a
tutorial on how you can get the g tower
also known as garry's mod towel if you
normally get this you need to head to
the following website that i'll take you
to but if you have never heard of this
mod for garys mod simply just click on
the Yogscast video link in the
description it's the garry's mod latest
garry's mod video is that they have done
there will be a link inscription to the
part 1 video now in order to get this
you have to get the garry's mod update
as you can see here and simply to let
you need to head to the garry's mod
tower update garry's mod tell website to
search gmod tower or Gary's detail
anything that symbolizes that and should
be gene Mauch tower w it should be w WG
m towels or yep load that up um and once
you go here you want click on downloads
the Downloads tab page up in the top up
in the top and you want to download the
gary the gmt updater the latest gmt
update tool this is the latest one so
simply just click it and extra download
and once thats download you want to
extract the file the folder that is in
it so it makes that in order to let you
need a trini windows 7 windows some
green bra archival or win7 7-zip and
once got laughs
so about lizards and simply open it up
in 7-zip or WinRAR archiver i'm
currently using WinRAR archiver as it's
like David and just drags on the mail
onto your desktop just like I've just
done and then if you should turn up with
a file like this just earth not file run
the gmt updater and should start
updating it moves up with a big thing
here in saying no then you want to click
I broke it once you've clicked alright
broke it or delete everything to do with
garry's mod tower and then you just want
to click update and it will update all
the Gary's motel once this is done it
should be able to work in order to know
it's working correct it should have a
big green here in the box where is open
and should say yes of nice big green
thing then you can just click join tower
or go into garry's mod and find the gmt
tower one server don't join any of the
other gmt service as you won't be able
to do and it should work there might be
a few errors inside the game but that
happens that a lot of people okay thanks
for watching guys if this did not help
you simply